# VS Code extension with a tree view and a viewer for the elements

This is a very simple extension that illustrates how to build a custom
viewer that can be opened by selecting items in a view on the Explorer.

## Try it out

To build run

```
yarn
yarn build
```
To launch it, open up in VS Code and run the Extension
launch.

## Description

The main components of this extension include:

- The extension. Includes definitions in the package.json file for
commands, the view, and menu items in the view. And includes the
activate method in the extensions.ts file which registers the
tree data and text document providers.
- The server. This is the HelloServer class which is a text
document provider for the hello: scheme to provide our index.html
page for the viewer. It also implements an Express server for API
calls from the viewer.
- The client. This is a typical React TypeScript front end which
implements the Hello component to send a request to the server
and display the result.
- The viewer, which is really just the client and server working
together.
- The view. This is in the HelloItemTree class which is a tree
data provider which provides a list of strings for our view.
It also implements add and delete commands and the open command
that triggers opening the viewer.

The key workflow starts with the open method on the HelloItemTree.
It calls the vscode previewHtml code passing a Uri, ViewColumn option,
and a label. This opens up an editor that has an embedded webview
element with the label passed in as the name in the editor tab.

The magic part is the Uri. The scheme of the Uri selects a text
document content provider. The provider implements provide text 
document content method to return the HTML to show in the webview.

Once loaded the HTML can access file URLs to load more content.
In this case, we load the JavaScript file generated by webpack.
We also embed in the original HTML additional data that the server
wants to pass to the client. We pass the item selected in the tree
as well as the URL to the embedded API server.

## The gulp build

The build is split into two parts, a simple call to the TypeScript
compiler for the extension/server, and a call to webpack to process
the client. The client is a React Typescript app compiled with the
webpack ts-loader.
